Update some descriptions and commands (#2)
yuwzho/acme-fitness-store: azure-kubernetes-service/docs/01-create-kubernetes-service.md

## Steps

### 1. Clone the repo

> Create a new folder and clone the sample app repository:
> ```shell
> git clone git@github.com:yuwzho/acme-fitness-store.git -b aks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the git repo and go to the working folder.
```bash
```

Reviewer: The branch is a working branch, should not write in the tutorial

cd acme-fitness-store/azure-kubernetes-service
```

### 2. Set Variables

Update `resources/var.sh` and set up the variables for your environment.
```
source resources/var.sh
az account set -s ${SUBSCRIPTION}

> az configure --defaults location=${LOCATION}
> az config set defaults.group=${RESOURCE_GROUP}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Not a good practice to set the config

    az aks create \
        -g  ${RESOURCE_GROUP} \
        -n ${AKS_NAME} \

>         --kubernetes-version 1.30.0 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The CLI should have default AKS version set to latest

1. Create a self-signed certificate or import your CA cert to the Keyvault, ref: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/certificates/tutorial-import-certificate?tabs=azure-portal
  > Here suggest to create a wildcard domain cert, like `*.demo.com`.

### 7. Enable Nginx in Kubernetes
Below steps guide how to enable the Nginx as add-on in the AKS cluster. For more details can view [Managed NGINX ingress with the application routing add-on](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/app-routing).

1. Enable Nginx
    ```

>     az extension add -n aks-preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    az extension add -n aks-preview --upgrade
```
